hello YouTube mobile technology reviews
here and today I'm going to doing an
unboxing of the Toshiba can do a basic
3.0 external hard drive so this is a 1
terabyte hard drive so that's a thousand
gigabytes and right here on the front of
the package we have sort of like a
slogan storage made simple it states
that this hard drive is compatible with
USB 3.0 as well as USB 2.0 states that
this hard drive has plug-and-play
operation and drag and drop use any left
hand side of the packaging we have an
image of the hard drive itself from the
side on the opposite side you have some
compatibility info here says a formatted
T NTFS for Windows XP Vista Windows 7
and Windows 8 and this hard drive does
require formatting for Mac OS X tiger
leopard or Snow Leopard on the back here
says storage made simple once again USB
3.0 powered portable add-on storage easy
to use with no software to install and
this hard drive accommodates large
digital files with spacious storage
capacity it says that this package
includes the hard drive a micro USB 3.0
cable and the instructions and by the
way this hard drive is not an SSD drive
this is just a basic 5400 RPM HDD
spinning hard drive
um so pretty minimalistic packaging and
not a lot of information on here so
we're gonna go ahead and crack this
puppy open
and just a note before we see what's
inside this is not the first time I've
opened this product I have opened it
previously but I just tried to repackage
it as best as I could
so I can make you guys an unboxing video
so just keep that in mind giving you
some information there so right here we
have our instruction booklet the hard
drive itself take a look at that in more
detail later and the micro USB 3.0 cable
get this packaging out of the way so
this is the micro USB 3.0 cable just
your basic cable here not what you
talked about there right here we have
our instruction booklet though I
personally think that external hard
drives are fairly self-explanatory but
they did include an instruction booklet
here in various languages and here we go
here's the hard drive itself stay matte
black finish and this is a very small
hard drive for comparison here is my
iPod Touch 4th generation and as you can
see they're the exact same height and
the hard drive is just a little bit
wider than the iPod so I showed you just
how small this external hard drive is so
it just says Toshiba down here at the
bottom here at the top we have an LED
light to show you when the hard drive is
on this is our micro USB 3.0 port we
have a slightly tapered design on the
edges I like that it has a little bit of
character it's not just a rectangle on
the bottom here we have four rubber feet
and a sticker with some information down
here and that's about it for the
hardware
um so I like this hard drive quite a bit
I've been using it for about three
months now and I have about 500 gigs on
it so it's about half full and so far
it's been very reliable and I've really
liked it the USB 3.0 data transfer is
very fast
and you know it's very easy to use this
a drag-and-drop interface um okay so
there we go that's my unboxing of the
Toshiba cambio basics 3.0 external hard
drive thank you very much for watching I
hope you enjoyed the video and stay
tuned for more bye